- ♪
- COACH:
Take it in, Bulldogs.
This is where we're playing
the championship.
- Wow, we've never played in
a huge stadium like this before.
- SAWYER: Oh, the field
looks so big.
- Whoa, this turf is so perfect,
I feel I'll ruin it if I play.
Coach, maybe I should
sit this game out.
- Don't worry, you will.
- Man, those stands
hold like 2,000 fans.
- COACH:
Uh, listen, guys,
no matter where you play it,
it's still football.
Now you guys have been busting
your butts all week.
You're ready.
Now today I just want you to get
comfortable on the new field.
No practice. Just have fun.
- Are you guys thinking
what I'm thinking?
- BULLDOGS:
Backyard football!
[hooting]
- Let's go, Bulldogs.
- BELLA:
Set!
Hut!
- TROY:
Here!
- ♪
- TROY:
Bella!
Woo-hoo!
- BULLDOGS:
[hooting, laughing]
- Wait a new field
calls for a new dance.
♪ Time to Nae Nae
up in the Hey Hey! ♪♪
- BELLA: Oooh!
Don't forget about...
♪ Mey mey! ♪♪
- ♪ One of, one of the boys ♪
- ♪ She got it goin' on ♪♪
- I can't believe
we get to stay in
such a nice hotel before
the championship game.
- I know. This place
has everything--
a gym, a hot tub, a pool.
- Ooh, it even has
a business center.
- A business center?
- Where else are we supposed to
make photocopies of our butts?
- Here's your room info.
And everyone can grab a State
Championship swag bag--
courtesy of the Texas Middle
School Football Commission.
Now if anyone needs me, I will
be in room three... [mumbles]
- Coach, what was that?
- You heard me.
- Swag bags!
- ALL: [hooting]
- Sweet! Free t-shirts.
- I hope yours say "Losers,"
'cause that's what
you'll be tomorrow.
- BOTH:
Heh, heh, heh, heh.
- I'm surprised you guys
have the guts to show up
after we beat you last time.
- We're not scared
of you, man.
- You should be.
We saw your little run
around practice today.
- That wasn't a practice.
We were just getting comfortable
with the new field.
- Oh, okay, well, while you guys
were getting "comfortable,"
we were actually
practicing real football.
- Yeah, man, we've been doing
two-a-days all week.
That's practicing twice...
a day...
all week.
- You know, I thought you guys
would be more prepared.
But, hey, we'll take
the easy win.
See ya, losers.
- Oh! Hooligans!
- Man, those Wentworth guys
have been practicing
way more than us.
I don't know, guys. I'm starting
to get a little worried.
- Look, I know how
to handle this, all right?
We go up to the room,
watch free cable,
order room service,
and relax.
- Or I have an even
better idea...
...studying our game plan!
- ALL: [groaning]
- Bella, when you said
you had a better idea,
I thought it would be,
oh, I don't know...
[laughs]
better.
- This is a better idea.
Wentworth has been
practicing like crazy.
We need to be prepared.
- Bella, we are prepared.
We've been busting
our butts for weeks.
- ALL: Yeah!
- Come on, guys, this game
is our last chance
to do something
great as a team.
Would it hurt to spend
a few extra hours
studying our game plan?
- You know what, Bella?
You're right.
We should study.
But this room
is too crowded.
Maybe we should, uh, go down
to that business center.
- Now we're talkin'.
Thanks, guys.
- Of course.
We'll follow you...
...in spirit.
- [door lock clicks]
- BELLA:
[pounding on door]
Ha! Ha! Very funny, guys.
Now open up.
- [door lock clicks]
- BULLDOGS:
[hooting, cheering]
- All right, I got
our room keys.
- You are never gonna
believe this.
Taylor Swift is playing
a show in town
and check out the pictures
she posted from her hotel room.
- She just has a robe on.
- Yeah.
But if you zoom in
3,000 percent to the pocket,
you can see words.
- "Twin Oaks Hotel."
This is the Twin Oaks Hotel.
Taylor Swift is
staying in this--
- Shhhh!
- --hotel.
- Nobody can know about this.
She's a celebrity.
She clearly doesn't
wanna be disturbed.
- [laughs]
By anyone but us.
- Obvi. We're gonna
find her room,
win her over, become besties,
and join her squad!
- SOPHIE:
Eeeeee!
Swifties for life, yeah!
- But how do we find
her room number?
- Don't worry, I got this.
- [lamp shatters]
- SOPHIE: [gasps]
Pepper, you klutz!
- Sorry.
It was an accident?
- That was a French
petite table lamp!
Shoo! Shoo! Shoo! Shoo! Shoo!
- [typing on keyboard]
This is it.
T. Swift, Room 318.
- PEPPER:
Let's go!
- Bein' on the road,
hangin' in the hot tub.
I feel like a baller, yo.
- Hey, guys, relaxin'
in the hot tub?
- Yeah. Come on in.
- I brought some
reading material.
- SAWYER, TROY, NEWT:
[groaning]
- The playbook?
Come on, Bella.
Those Wentworth guys
are totally in your head.
We are ready.
- We'll see about that.
Until you prove that you
know this game plan,
no one is getting any bubbles.
[flicks switch]
- Aw, man, without
the bubbles,
it's like we're takin'
a hot bath together.
I mean, I love you guys, but
I don't wanna bathe with you.
- I'm turning them back on.
- [swats Sawyer's hand]
- Ow.
- You'll get your bubbles
back after we study.
- Fine.
- Okay.
The first play is X Slant.
Newt, touch that button and
I will take your arm off.
- PEPPER & SOPHIE:
[excited squealing]
- PEPPER: [gasps]
We're finally here.
Goodbye old life. Hello,
besties with Taylor Swift!
- BOTH:
[squealing]
- I can hear her
singing inside.
It's like our own
private concert!
- [muffled humming]
- When did her voice
get so deep?
- [humming]
- Coach? You're not
Taylor Swift.
- No joke.
Here...
What are you girls
doing here?
I clearly mumbled my room number
so no one would find me.
- We're looking for
Taylor Swift.
- Do I look like Taylor Swift?
- No, and you definitely
don't sound like her either.
- Whatever.
[chuckles]
Haters gonna hate.
Hate, hate, hate, hate.
- And that is a pro right
wide receiver screen.
- Well done, guys.
Listen, I know you think
I was acting a little crazy,
but I just wanted to make
sure we were ready.
Last year, I was the reason
we didn't get to play
in the playoffs, so, I had to
make sure I did everything
to help us win this year.
- Bella, look,
we get it, all right?
Now turn the bubbles back on.
- SAWYER, TROY, NEWT:
[sighing]
- Now we can finally relax and
take our minds off of Wentworth.
- Well, well, well...
- Aw, sugar beets!
- What do you think, bro?
Does this loser soup need
a little foot fungus?
- Yeah, it does. One nasty
foot comin' right up.
- TROY, NEWT, BELLA:
[screaming]
- [laughing]
Please.
Think I'm afraid
of a little fungus?
- Oh, look, my green toenail
finally fell off.
- And I'm out!
- You know what, Rangers?
It's a pool of losers.
Let's bounce.
- SAWYER: Man, those Rangers
ruin everything.
- Even a nice bath
with friends.
- There were bubbles, man.
Not a bath, okay?
- Let's go. Uh...
Why is there antifungal
foot powder in my bag?
- I don't know. You got some-
thing you wanna tell us, Bella?
You got some
nasty foot, too?
- This isn't my foot powder.
This is that Ranger's bag.
He must have taken
mine by accident.
- What? Our game plan
is in there.
- They're gonna see
all of our plays.
They're gonna know exactly
what we're gonna do.
- I can't believe this.
We got all the way to
the championship and now,
because I lost the game plan,
we don't have a chance.
- What are we gonna do?
- I don't know.
But first, you'd better get
rid of that green toenail.
- From the hot tub?
- No, from your back.
- Oh! Get it off!
Get it off!
- ♪
- Okay, the Wentworth
guys are on their way.
Remember,
when they get here,
you two sneak into
Nasty Foot's room
using the key card
from his bag.
Then swap his bag with my bag
and retrieve our game plan.
- Question--won't
people notice
Newt and I
aren't at the party?
- Probably not.
- Come on, Bella.
We're Newt & Sawyer.
People love us.
- Okay, Operation Clean Up
Bella's Mess is a go.
- [knock at door]
- BELLA: Okay.
- Hey, we, uh, got your text.
What's the catch
with the free pizza?
- Well, we felt bad about
how things went earlier,
and just wanted to bury the
hatchet with a peace-a-party.
- Or just a pizza party.
- You know, I'm gonna
be honest with you guys.
I'm a sucker for word play.
Peace-a-party!
- ALL: [hooting]
- ♪
- Found it.
- Oh.
Switch 'em and let's
get outta here.
- [pass key beeping]
- Oh? Uh...
- SAWYER: [whispering]
His roommate.
- MAN ON TV: Today,
on the Word Channel,
our eight-hour series,
"The Dictionary,"
episodes "A" through "Z."
- Sweet!
Hey, Logan, I can't make
it to the party tonight.
Ma show's on.
- I don't understand.
Why is Coach in a room
that was listed as Taylor Swift?
- [gasps] Do you think Coach
is dating Taylor Swift?
- No.
That's a text from Newt.
He and Sawyer need help.
They're trapped in Room 216
in the North Tower.
- North Tower?
Wait, wasn't Taylor Swift's
room 318-N?
- Oh! "N" meant "North" Tower.
We were looking
in the wrong tower.
Let's go find her.
- Wait! What about the boys?
- Pepper, Taylor's
got a show
tomorrow night in Oklahoma.
We've gotta catch her
before she leaves.
Don't worry about the boys.
I'm sure they're fine.
- [cell phone blips]
- "We are not fine.
"The state of
the championship game
depends on you
helping us out."
- The championship?
Oh, man.
- Oh, I hate doing
the right thing.
- [vase shatters]
- Just...charge it
to my room.
- ♪
- What's taking
them so long?
- Ah, well, you fed us
a bunch of free pizza.
And we still don't like you.
See ya, losers.
- Wait, uh, what if we play
a game where we...
make fun of your old teammate
who ditched you, Troy.
- Oh!
- W-W-Why?
- [quietly]
To keep them here.
- Awesome. My favorite game.
Okay, check it out, guys.
- Don't worry, I've got a plan
to get them outta the room.
[knocking on door]
Quick, get out of your room!
There's a swarm of killer bees
and they're comin' to sting you.
- Actually, my friend here
thinks you're cute.
But she's too shy to
say it, right?
- Yes. [laughs]
You're so cute.
- See? So do you wanna come
to the restaurant with us
and we'll buy you
some nachos?
- I'm not into girls.
But I'm into free nachos.
- Works for us. Let's go.
- All right.
- Oh! Oh, me, me, me!
Okay. Troy is so dumb,
he once stood on a chair
to raise his IQ.
- ALL: [laughing]
- Yeah!
It was a good one.
Oh, look at the time.
It's past our curfew.
Time for everyone to leave.
- TROY: Yeah, get out.
[laughing]
- All right, we made the switch.
The bag was untouched.
I think we're good.
- Okay, great.
I think we all need
a good night's sleep.
- Uh, so, uh, did anybody
ask about us?
- Yes.
- Told you.
- We're Newt & Sawyer.
- People love us.
- [marching band drumming]
- SPECTATORS:
[cheering]
- ♪
- SPECTATORS:
[cheering]
- Finally--the moment we've
all been waiting for--
we're in the championships!
This is the biggest game
in Bulldog history.
- COACH:
Huddle up!
All right, the whole season
has come down to this.
But you're ready for it,
all right?
You know the game plan.
Stick to it and we'll be fine.
The first play is X Slant.
Let's, go!
- BULLDOGS:
[cheering, hooting]
- ♪
- BELLA: Set...
- LOGAN:
X Slant! X Slant!
- Ready? Ready?
Hut!
- ♪
- SPECTATORS:
[cheering]
- [whistle shrills]
- They knew exactly where
I was throwing the ball.
They must have seen
our game plan.
- Bella, even if
they found it,
there's no way they had
long enough to learn it.
- We had long enough to make
copies in the business center.
Yeah, we knew X Slant and
we know all your plays.
[laughing]
- What was that all about?
- I'm so sorry, Coach.
I accidentally gave
Wentworth the game plan.
- You what?
- I know, I know, I know.
I'm sorry. You see, I had
the game plan in the hot tub
and there was this
nasty foot in a bath,
but then I tried
to make it right,
but I guess--
- Okay, okay, don't panic.
Just because they
have our game plan
doesn't mean we're beaten.
We're only down 7-0.
- ACE:
We're down 24-0.
It's like the Rangers' defense
knows what's going to happen
before we snap the ball.
- Nothing is working.
In all my years of coaching,
I've never had this problem.
We have no plays.
- This is all my fault.
I wanted us to win so badly,
I got carried away.
I've ruined everything.
- Uh, don't beat
yourself up, Bella.
- Yeah, we wouldn't have
anything to ruin,
if it wasn't for you.
- Bella, look, it doesn't
matter if we're playing
in a stadium or tossing a foot-
ball around in the backyard,
you're our QB, right, guys?
- BULLDOGS: Yeah.
- Backyard.
- TROY: Huh?
- Backyard football.
Guys, listen, okay?
They might know our game plan,
but there is no way they
know the crazy plays
we're running when
we play for fun.
- Oh, what do you
think, Coach?
- Let's give it a shot.
Now go have some fun!
- Let's go!
- BULLDOGS: [cheering]
- ♪
- BELLA:
Set...
Hold on.
The ball looks kinda
flat, isn't it?
Let me feel it.
Wow, yeah, okay.
This ball is really flat.
I'm gonna give it to the ref.
Right after I run it
for a touchdown!
- ♪
- SPECTATORS:
[cheering]
- Sneaky and devious,
but perfectly legal.
Touchdown, Bulldogs.
- ♪
- BELLA:
Set...hut!
- ♪
- ACE:
What a feat!
The old Statue
of Liberty play!
How patriotic.
- ♪
- [whistle shrills]
- Touchdown, Troy Dixon!
And suddenly, the score
is 13 to 24.
This is some serious
backyard football.
- PEPPER & SOPHIE:
[laughing]
- Hold on, is Troy doing
the Nae Nae up in the Hey Hey?
No way, way.
- ♪
- ACE: It looks like
the Bulldogs have finally
run out of trick plays.
- BELLA:
Set...hut!
- ♪
- ACE:
No, they haven't!
- Go, Newt! Newt!
- [whistle shrills]
- ACE: Little Newt Van Der Rohe
goes for the big touchdown!
- NEWT: Yeah!
[laughing]
[squeals]
No!
- ACE: This is it--
the Rangers lead by 4,
and the Bulldogs only
have time for one play
to make it 65 yards
for the touchdown.
- BELLA: [sighing]
All right, guys, I just
want you to know
these past two years
have been the best.
I couldn't ask for
a better team.
Or better friends.
Win or lose,
I love you guys.
Bulldogs on three.
One, two, three!
- BULLDOGS:
Bulldogs!
- ♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
- BELLA: Set...
- ♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
- BELLA: Hut!
- ♪ Tell me, tell me ♪
♪ Tell me what it is
that you need ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
♪ Tell me, tell me ♪
♪ Tell me what it is
that you need ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
♪ Tell me, tell me ♪
♪ Tell me what it is
that you need ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
♪ Yeah yeah ♪
♪ Oh if you could show me ♪
♪ Tell me, tell me ♪
♪ Tell me what it is
that you need ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
- [whistle shrills]
- SPECTATORS: [cheering]
- ♪ Tell me, tell me ♪
♪ Tell me what it is
that you need ♪
- PEPPER & SOPHIE:
[screaming]
- ♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
- Sha-booyah!
- ♪ Oh oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ Oh oh oh oh oh ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪
♪ Tell me, tell me ♪
♪ Tell me what it is
that you need ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
I'm onto something ♪
♪ 'Cause I feel
the good times coming ♪♪
- ♪ Two, four, six, eight! ♪
♪ Who's the best team
in the state? ♪
♪ Bulldogs! Bulldogs! ♪
♪ Bulldogs! ♪♪
- STUDENTS:
[cheering, applauding]
- Bella, I'm so proud of you.
You did it!
- This thing is awesome!
- STUDENTS:
[cheering, applauding]
- Just imagine
the trophy we'll get
when we win the championship
in high school next year.
- That's right,
except next time,
I get to score the game-
winning touchdown.
- Not if I don't
throw it to you.
- Oh, you'll throw it to me.
- Maybe I'll throw
it to Sawyer.
- You wouldn't dare.
- Bulldog roar!
- STUDENTS:
[cheering, hooting]
- Ha! I scored a touchdown
in the championship game!
I am invincible!
Whoa, whoa, watch out
for that beam.
- STUDENTS:
[cheering]
- ♪